Decrypters


1. Availability for meeting expectations
    1.	Meetings 2-3 times a week. If time adjustments are needed, a 24 hour notice is required. 
    Typically days would be Sunday night, Tuesdays, and another day if needed.
    
2. Response time to communication expectations
    1.	A response is expected within 24 hours from the message being sent.
    
3. Definition of done: when is a task complete? (hint: "I'm done with that but I didn't check it in to github" is not done.)
    1.	When the code is uploaded to github and approved by two other group members. 
    This requires that the code is concise and passes all of its tests.
    
4. Scrum meeting format/frequency and distribution of documentation tasks (meeting minutes, updating task board)
    1.	Scrum meetings 2-3 times a week. Meetings will follow the following format:
        1.	Each individual answers the 3 questions (1. What are you working on? 2. What have you finished 
        (specify methods and classes)? 3. Any questions for the group)
        2.	Updating the task board
        3.	Any other things that need to be discussed
    2.	Tasks:
        1.	Organizing & Starting meeting  
        2.	Meeting minutes  
        3.	Updating Task Board 
        4.	Taking Meeting Notes 
        5.	Meeting reminders 
        *We will rotate through tasks to learn all of them

5. Procedure for adopting policies (e.g. code style, code check-in steps, documentation updates)
    if you adopt such a policy during the initial meeting, put it here
     1. At this point, we don’t necessarily have a set policy. That being said, we can discuss it as a group 
     later on and if majority agree with the policy then we can put it into play. For code checks in though, 
     2 fellow group members should approve and comment on it before it gets merged.
     
6. Procedure for handling a member who is not meeting expectations
    must include at least 3 actions before involving the instructor
    
    1.	Reach out nicely via discord.
    2.	No response in 24 hours, reach out to them by email.
    3.	If there is still no response, try reaching out to them on teams.
    4.	If none of the above work, get Professor Rock involved.

7. Signatures: each member must sign their name by typing their name at the bottom of the document.

- Marvin Hossain
- Jon Olsen
- Anna Fronk
- Amna Ataullah
- Matt Wranovsky
